Step after step, you descend the cramped spiral-stairway, hearing only your solid leather boots striking the hard granite steps, and seeing little more. If it weren't for the moss occasionally felt along the cold, dull stone walls, it would seem like you're somehow stuck in a loop of the same left turn, and after ten minutes of this, a break might be nice.

How much deeper could this stairway lead? After, what, another eight laps, you find yourself wishing to be at the bottom, whatever it takes. As if your wish is being granted, the stairway suddenly ends, leaving you with your nose pressed firmly against an old wooden door.

An exquisite show of craftsmanship, constructed with very old lumber, and finely brandished with an overly gaudy handle and key hole. You wonder if the door was made in these depths, or carried down. You'd hate to think of what happened to the porter, in the case of the latter.

Suddenly, you hear a deep voice on the other side, and, startled, you pull your hand back. Curiosity gets a hold of you, and you stoop closer to the keyhole, hoping to make out the words.

"Yes, but what is IF?"
After a few moments of silence, the question is vocalized again; "What is IF?!". This time, it's said with more emotion. Eventually, a sigh can be heard, although higher in pitch. There are two people beyond this door? I was told that no one had been down here in decades.
"How simple do I need to make this?", the higher-voice asks. "IF, like interactive fiction."
"So, you've said, but this doesn't make any sense. Fiction isn't something to be meddled with, surely, you're playing with the arcane!"
"Alright", replies the soprano voice, clearly more agitated than when you first heard it. "Listen well, I shan't explain again".
However, in place of an explanation, the sound of hardened leather rapping on stone can be heard in quick succession, followed by ambient metal clatter.

Your curious nature takes over once again, and you shift slightly, doing your best to keep silent while peering through the keyhole.
It would seem that fate is not on your side, however, as without warning a loud crack echoes through the ancient halls. You fail to stifle a cry, feeling frayed strands tear across your back, leaving a throbbing trail in their wake. Panicked, you stumble forwards, tossing the door open in your panic, wishing only to escape the reach of your mysterious adversary.